# Projects
Programming projects done at school. The Python Hangman project was done in the first year in group of two,
to learn basics of Tkinter and OO programming in Python. The second python project is an introductory data science project where I used data from Airbnb combined with some external data to predict the price of an apartment in London area. A more detailed description can be found in the project folder.

The projects done with C++ were done in the second and third year. The game15 is a bit smaller program to learn basics for OO programming, and usage of vectors in the second course. Tetris was the final project of the second course, and includes OOP, GUI design and usage of QT Designer, and using different data structures. For both of these projects, a template was given.

The Nysse project was done in third year with a peer. It was the sole project in the course, as the target was to learn working as a part of a team on a larger software project. It combines GUI design and implementation to an exsisting application, applying and following design by contract, and exception handling and error control. Thus, an extensive template was given. More information can be found in the README in the project folder.

The routemap project covers data structures and algorithms. It was done in two separate parts, where the second builds on top of the first. Most of the code was provided, the task was to implement the methods in the Datastructures class. This included decisions on how to store the necessary data as efficiently as possible, as well as implementing the algorithms to handle the data so that it is also as efficient as possible. One learning point on the course was also to estimate efficiency of the implemented algorithms, so in the header file for the Datastructures class there are estimates and reasonings for efficiency of each implemented method.
